# What is this file/folder for?

A breakdown of the purposes of all important folders and files.

## `const.php`
Powerhouse constants. These constants should NOT be modified, unless the user knows what they're doing and knows what they are putting at risk.

## `env.php`
The installation options of Powerhouse. This file should NOT be accessed on the webserver. This file is automatically generated by the setup tool. This file is not included in releases.

## API (`/api`)
API Endpoints. Powerhouse relies on the API endpoints in order to function. This also makes the API available for use by anyone who wants to use Powerhouse.

### GET Endpoints (`/api/GET`)
API endpoints that only accept the GET method. Otherwise, a 405 error is thrown.

### POST Endpoints (`/api/POST`)
API endpoints that only accept the POST method. Otherwise, a 405 error is thrown.

### Global Source (`/api/src`)
Classes and functions that the API requires to function. This is the "brains" of Powerhouse.

## CSS (`/css`)
Stylesheets. `standard.css` is always required, and `main.css` is required for pages that use the primary design. This page also contains the CSS file for the Material Design Lite theme that Powerhouse uses.

### Material Icons (`/css/material-icons`)
The Material icon font and the CSS file that imports it.

## Error (`/error`)
The error page. In the event that PHP is at fault, the HTML version with no dynamic content should be loaded in its place.

## Images (`/images`)
Images that Powerhouse uses.

### Logo (`/images/logo`)
Resized versions of the Powerhouse logo.

### Material Icons (`/images/md_ico`)
Material Design icons in SVG format.

### Screenshots (`/images/screenshots`)
Demo screenshots. This folder is not included in releases.

## Interface (`/interface`)
The Powerhouse PHP interface. Deprecated in favor of `/api/src`.

## Scripts (`/scripts`)
The scripts that Powerhouse uses. All `.djs` scripts are pre-processed with PHP.

### Third-Party Scripts (`/scripts/third-party`)
Scripts made by third-parties (JS Foundation, Google, etc.).

## System (`/system`)
Management functions and classes used for verification of proper Powerhouse installation.

### CLI Scripts (`/system/cli`)
CLI-run PHP scripts used for Powerhouse maintenance.

## Widgets (`/widgets`) 
Dynamic PHP widgets that are loaded in with the page.

### JS Widgets (`/widgets/dynamic`)
Dynamic JS widgets that are used to build UI elements from the browser.